I like the powder blue dresses
Stewardesses wear on Korean Air
The skins too wine, and the body so fine.
All the same height, and they have the same waist line
But there is one who stood upon
An emtag* way, changed par...
She had a white watch and muted spot*
I thought about her when the night grew dark.
In my hotel room in Tokyo
And by the time that I awoke
My guitar was broken and in need of repair
Thanks through the hassles, Korean Air
But i roomed* myself a one last show
And i made a few friends, Choco and Coco
Walking down near the train station below
Hugged them good-bye as I walked back eye*
Remember the girl who i had la... ched*
Grew up in a cardboard box
And the town calmed dormin / down in.
She shooked* my spirit, and she read on my thoughts
But I had some lump* back home
So I never pursuit her and recorded telephone
I wondered if she knew if I ...
I wondered if she thought that I had used her
And by the time that I awoke
Around my neck the fellow finger's stroke
I felt a j... off and an electrical sting,
I felt the pull-off, an invisible string.
Is it my future falling?
Or is it the past to call in?
I can't remember, and you can't make me remember.
Anything that hurts makes me shiver.
I can't remember, and you can't make me remember.
My dirty reflection shimmered in the rain.
I can't remember, and you can't make me remember.
All forgotten blues be open my heart.
I can't remember, and you can't make me remember.
I can't remember, and you can't make me remember.

I was five years old the last time I slept,
A quiet night before the loudness quit*
I wrote poetry throughout my teens
And I forsee* that my childhood dreams.
Teachers told me I couldn't write
They* are never make a living when I touch anyones right.
People told me I couldn't sing
That I wouldn't mount* much of anything
And by the time that I awoke
I was 25 years old and crossing an ocean
Working hard to develop my sound
Homecity sick*, covered in ground
And by the time that I had awoken
I was one of a handful of the chosen*
To take upon* just to take the arrows*
To b... to blood us ...?

I can't remember, and you can't make me remember
Any useful words that I had ...
I can't remember, and you can't make me remember
When I was alone, flocked* desperate
I can't remember, and you can't make me remember
When I couldn't trap womblebee* (bumblebee)
I can't remember, and you can't make me remember
When I am in a crowd, I am so lonely.

I met the most beautiful lump*
Walking along San-Francisco Bay*
She gasped* me through the pillows*
Through the long unlit hall ways*
Below the surface beneath the distractions
Beneath my dummy* jerk reactions
It's to her I owe everything
It is for her that my heart sings
And by the time that I awoke
Finger's loose and on their ...
And by the time that I awoke